# Cinematch 🍿

Cinematch is a social media application designed for movie lovers. It allows users to share their thoughts about movies, create personalized movie lists, receive movie recommendations, and connect with others. Cinematch also features an AI-powered recommendation engine that provides users with curated movie lists based on their tastes.

## Features
- **Movie Search**: Find and see movie details easily using the search functionality.
- **Personalized Recommendations**: Get movie suggestions tailored to your preferences.
- **Movie Lists**: Create and manage your own movie lists.
- **Social Sharing**: Share your movie thoughts and reviews with friends.
- **AI-Generated Playlists**: Enjoy blend playlists with other users generated by our AI based on your movie tastes combined.
- **User Profiles**: Customize your profile and connect with other movie enthusiasts.

## Installation
To run Cinematch locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/cinematch.git
   cd cinematch
   ```

2. Set up the Android environment:
   - Make sure you have Android Studio installed.
   - Open the project in Android Studio.
   - Let Android Studio download and install the necessary dependencies.

3. Run the application:
   - Connect an Android device or start an emulator.
   - Click on the "Run" button in Android Studio to build and launch the app.
  
## Project Configuration
Cinematch is an Android application built with the following configuration:

1. **Namespace**: com.slepetbangkit.cinematch
2. **Compile SDK Version**: 34
3. **Application ID**: com.slepetbangkit.cinematch
4. **Minimum SDK Version**: 24
5. **Target SDK Version**: 34
